this is the aftermath of an Israeli air
strike on the D balah refugee camp in
central Gaza multistory buildings have
caved in on families most of the victims
are women and
children D bah just south of Gaza City
is within the so-called evacuation Zone
where continuous bombardment is pushing
thousands to flee Israel has ordered
civilians to leave these areas for the
South to enforce those orders its
airplanes are flattening entire
neighborhoods killing innocent civilians
in the
[Music]
process this is the scene at Al AA
hospital inah after a series of strikes
in its
vicinity the Israeli Army has ordered
several hospitals to evacuate including
a rantis hospital for child cancer
patients and the shifa hospital Hospital
under which Israel believes Hamas has
dug its main
hideouts this complex is clear and
visible to all people especially the
Israeli reconnaissance planes who are
always watching it and all of Gaza they
are scouting and watching this complex
every second the Israeli occupation
doesn't have any proof of these
accusations carpet bombing near those
hospitals and elsewhere has left
survivors with no option but to leave
and they did so in Rush fearing for
their
lives some had to walk and some resorted
to whatever Alternatives they could
find I lost my sister and my
[Music]
daughter they stayed four days under the
rubble my grandchildren also died the
first was 6 years old and the second was
8 years old they all died
together at the Escape piece relat sad
stories of why they had to flee and the
horrors they'd seen on their way
out we walked like 4 km on our way we
saw tanks firing burned cars andad
bodies in the streets it is a terrible
catastrophe we were scared and under so
much danger that if someone got injured
you couldn't even try to help or save
him it is a
genocide the ideal destination for many
here is the RAF border crossing hundreds
of foreigners and Palestinians with dual
nationality are waiting to be allowed to
cross into Egypt but the process is slow
and only few get a chance from one day
to the next
muhamed
Al make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from
alzer